♪
I'’m sorry I fought you
on us just being friends.
I didn'’t realize how friendly
you were gonna be.
Yeah, well, parts of me
are friendlier than others.
Am I messing things up
if I say I wish once in a while
we could spend
the night together,
wake up in the morning,
have a cup of coffee, cuddle?
All right, off you go.
Seriously?!
When you use words like "cuddle"
I feel like
you don'’t really get me.
Never mind. All right.
Oh, before I leave,
you got a little something
going on with your tushie.
Are you trying for round two?
'’Cause "tushie" is right up
there with "cuddle".
No, I noticed, uh, that
the mole on your right cheek
is, uh, a little bigger than
last time I was, you know,
in the neighborhood.
First of all, it'’s not a mole,
it'’s a beauty mark.
And secondly....
if you'’ve got time to look
around back there,
you'’re not trying hard enough.
Oh, come on, I'’m just concerned.
It used to be the shape of Ohio
and now it'’s more like...
Australia.
Nobody asked you
to play Dora the Explorer.
I'’m sure it'’s fine.
I'’m sure it is, too,
but just to be safe
have a doctor take a look.
Yeah, okay, whatever.
By the way,
if we'’re gonna start
noticing imperfections
in each other'’s bodies,
you might want to pull
those balls up a couple inches.
You got to be kidding me.
Mommy, I'’m home from school.
I'’m just gonna hang out
in the living room
till the grown-ups
stop wrestling.
Of course I drank.
Hey, Christy.
Hey, Steve.
I'’m just gonna sheepishly
skulk out of here now.
That'’d be awesome, thanks.
Uh, before I forget.
Take a look at your mom'’s butt
Excuse me?
She'’s got a mole
that doesn'’t look right.
BONNIE:
Steve, are you still here?
Got to go. Right cheek.
[sighs]
Of course I was a stripper.
♪
Seeing a lot of Steve
these days, huh?
Well, I can'’t afford
a gym membership.
I got to get
my cardio in somehow.
Come on, you like him.I do.
He'’s like a rowing machine
with a heart of gold.
Great, I'’m really happy for you.
Show me your ass.
What?
Steve said something
about a mole. Let'’s see.
No.Hey, this is not the high point
of my day either.
Hike up your robe.
Forget it, it'’s nothing.
Come on, pretend
you'’re on the Jumbotron
at a Raiders game and moon me.
Sorry, you got to buy me dinner
to see the goods.
Hey, in the future,
can you let me know
if you'’re gonna be home early?
I got a better idea--
why don'’t you shoot me a text
when you'’ve got your feet
behind your ears.
Yeah, that probably
makes more sense.
[shower starts running]
Hey, uh, by the way,
we'’re almost out
of your fancy conditioner.
Smile.
Hey!
Oh, relax. I'’m sure it'’s...
Oh!
Wendy, you'’re a nurse,
does that mole
look right to you?
Oh, come on,
I got raisins in my salad here.
Just look, I'’m worried.
I don'’t know, could be
something, could be nothing.
That'’s your
professional opinion?
You went to nursing school
for that?
I went to nursing school
'’cause I thought
I'’d have access to drugs.
Let me see.
Ew! If that were
on Cindy Crawford'’s face,
she'’d have
a very different career.
Give me.
That'’s not good.
She should definitely
go to a doctor.
See? That'’s the problem--
no matter what I say,
she won'’t go.
Well, she'’s scared.
I know when I found a lump
in my breast
I was panic-stricken
what a doctor might say.
So you think it'’s cancer?
Isn'’t that
what we'’re all thinking?
What were you thinking?
I don'’t know, knowing her,
it could be
the mark of the devil.
Sorry I'’m late. What did I miss?
Nothin'’.
Chattin'’.
Hangin'’.
Lookin'’ at your mole.
Did you not see
what we were doing here?
You showed them?
I'’m worried about you.
Since when?You'’re my mother.
I say I'’d be better off without
you, but I don'’t really mean it.
You say that?
Does she say that?
Of course not.
No.
All the time.
For God'’s sake,
read the room, Wendy.
Anyway, you really should
go see a doctor.
Yeah, well,
I'’m not a doctor person.
I'’m more comfortable
just toughing it out.
You see this finger?
I cut the tip off when I was 14.
Stuck it back on
with crazy glue.
That would be your brand.
You went to a doctor
for your back last year.
Well, only '’cause she made me.
And look what happened,
I got strung out on pain pills.
Who knows? I go in for a mole,
next thing you know
I'’m smoking crack.
What was your excuse for
the first time you smoked crack?
I like crack.
Now, let'’s just change the
subject. Talk about the weather.
Does your giant mole hurt
before it rains?
♪
Well, there'’s something
you don'’t see every day.Oh!
I'’m rubbing
a pomegranate on my mole.
You'’re feeding it now?
I did a little research
on the Internet
and learned that if you apply
pomegranate juice,
garlic paste, walnut oil,
it'’ll be gone in a few hours.
Good call.
Go Harry Potter on your ass.
It'’ll work.
Mom, it'’s natural to be scared
to go see a doctor,
anyone would be.
Except me.
I have science on my side.
Now come on-- tape this kale
leaf to my butt.
Shiny side down, or this is just
a complete waste of time.
Just like this conversation.
Hey, on the off chance
that Wiccan-pedia
doesn'’t do the trick,
will you please see a doctor?
For the last time,
I don'’t need a doctor.
Now come on,
help me summon the serpent.
That'’s it,
I'’m making an appointment.
No.
Why?
Because...
[sighs]
I'’ve been a terrible person
my whole life
and this is how the universe
is gonna get even with me.
So you are scared.
Of course I am.
Have you seen this thing?
It'’s big enough
to claim as a dependant.
Then let'’s get it taken care of
and put the whole thing
behind us.
Sorry.
You can'’t do that, that'’s not
how the universe works.
Wait a minute--
you know how the universe works,
and you'’ve been
holding out on me?
The universe waits,
and then as soon as you
get your life together,
boom-- something awful happens.
Oh, you poor thing.
You think you
have your life together.
Tell you what,
I'’ll make you a deal.
We'’ll give
your witch'’s salad dressing
24 hours to work.
If it doesn'’t, we see a doctor.
Fine.
Thank you. Now you'’re
starting to make sense.
Oh, great. Now my ass
smells like the Olive Garden.
♪
Do we need cotton balls?
What?
Never mind.
I'’m just gonna take '’em.
Nice karma move,
stealing from the free clinic.
Says the woman who swiped
three Us Weeklies
from the waiting room.
It'’s the only crossword
I can do.
Okay, Ms. Plunkett,
I see you have an unwelcome
guest on your posterior.
Please drop your pants
and bend over.
Oh, okay.
Not the first time a man
has said that to you, huh, Mom?
[laughs]
Oh, that'’s very good.
Clever. Huh.
Okay, let'’s see
what we have here, hm?
Oh, jeepers.
Jeepers, good?
When is jeepers ever good?
Oh, God, I knew it.
Calm down. Doctor?
Yes?
[mouths]
What?
What?She wants to know
if it'’s cancer.
Oh.
That'’s for the lab
to say.
So what happens next?
We scoop it off,
send it for a biopsy
and see what'’s what.
How long does that take?About a week.
I have to wait a week to find
out if I have skin cancer?
It'’s a free clinic,
not a fast clinic.
Just try not to think about it.
[sighs]
This is not an excuse
to smoke crack.
♪
[banging]
[clattering]
She'’s still thinkin'’ about it.
Hey.
Whatcha doin'’?
What'’s it look like?
I'’m cleaning the fridge.
At 3:00 in the morning?
I can'’t drink, I can'’t do drugs.
Let me organize
our milk and cold cuts.
You want to take a break
and maybe talk
about what you'’re feeling?
Really?
You want to know how I feel?
Death, death, death, death,
death, death, death.
Happy?
Mom, you'’re kind of jumping
the gun.
We won'’t get the results
of the biopsy for six more days.
Don'’t you think you should...
Death!
Okay.
Nighty-night.
[sweetly]
Sweet dreams!
Oh.
Nice.
No one cleans
like a crazy person.
Hello? Mom?
Upstairs!
Hope she organized the closet.
You okay?
[sighs]
Just tired.
I guess that'’s to be expected,
given my condition.
Or you'’re tired
because you stayed up all night.
[quietly]:
Damn.
Christy,
come. Sit.
[sighs]
Why do I come home?
I love you.What?
I said I love you.
We don'’t say it enough.
We don'’t say it ever.
One of us doesn'’t even think it.
Come on. Get out of bed.
Let'’s go grab a bite to eat, and
then we'’ll go to the meeting.
No, no. You go.
Tell everyone to pray for me.
Okay. But don'’t expect much.
You know, I put
my life at risk
for so many years.
Drugs, alcohol,
climbing into zoo enclosures
and taunting the animals.
I-I never gave it
a second thought.
And now every moment
feels so precious.
And yet here you are
wasting my time.
That'’s good.
Laugh at me. Laugh at life.
The whole thing'’s a joke.
All righty. I'’m gonna skedaddle.
Christy.Yeah. Quickly.
Smell every rose.
Sing every song.
Dance like no one'’s watching.
Will do.
Oh, and if you
wouldn'’t mind,
bring me home
a bucket of chicken.
Extra crispy.
[clicks tongue]
Hi, I'’m Christy,
and I'’m an alcoholic.
GROUP:
Hi, Christy.
Well, this week has been
a doozy.
My mom'’s in the middle
of a little health scare,
and I am trying
to be compassionate.
But you know her, she just sucks
it right out of you.
On the plus side,
our house hasn'’t been this clean
since she was doing blow.
Anyway, she asked
for you to pray for her.
Do with that what you will.
Okay, who else
would like to share?
I'’ll go.
Hi, I'’m Jill.
I'’m an alcoholic.
GROUP:
Hi, Jill.
[sighs]
I'’ve been dealing
with a little health issue
myself.
My pool guy hurt his back,
so the pool looks
like a Louisiana swamp.
[door opens]
Sorry.
Anyway...
if I'’m a little snippy,
it'’s because I haven'’t
been getting my laps in
and ballooned up to a size zero.
[sighs]
That'’s it. Thanks.
Anybody else?
Hi, I'’m Bonnie.
I'’m an alcoholic.
GROUP:
Hi, Bonnie.
I wasn'’t gonna come tonight
because I was too busy
feeling sorry for myself.
But then I thought, "No, Bonnie.
"You'’re not
a self-centered person.
Don'’t start now."
Sorry.
Anyway,
I want you to know
that I love, appreciate,
and am grateful
for each and every one of you.
You taught me how to live,
and now...
now I'’m gonna teach you
how to die.
Oh, for God'’s sake,
shut up.
Excuse me?
Stop with all the drama.
You don'’t even have
a diagnosis yet.
And if you do,
it'’s not a death sentence.
Hey, you shared
about your cancer all the time.
Because I hadcancer!
All you have is a chance
of cancer.
You have...
chancer!
Okay.
Apparently, this is not
the safe place I thought it was.
[door slams]
And as long as I'’m being honest,
screw you and your size zero.
[knocking]
Hey.Come on in.
How'’s our patient?
Who cares?
Thank you. These are beautiful.
Um, those are
kind of for your mom.
Yeah, well, now they'’re mine.
She'’s upstairs.
And if you see any more moles,
keep it to yourself.
[knocking]
Hello?
Oh, hi. Come on in.
For the record,
I brought you some flowers.
Oh.
Nice. Where are they?
Christy took '’em for herself.
She was really mean.
Try asking her
for a bucket of chicken.
What are you doin'’ there?
I'’m drawing up a list
of things I haven'’t done
in case the biopsy
is bad news.
Okay.You'’re not gonna tell me
I'’m being ridiculous?
Nope. I think ridiculous
is one of your more
endearing qualities.
Let'’s see.
"Throw out the first pitch
at a Giants game."
While sober
and fully clothed.
Okay.
"Have dinner
at the White House."
Again, sober
and fully clothed.
"Jump out of a plane."
Sober and clothed?
And without someone
pushing me.
I'’m seein'’
a little trend here.
Is there anything
you haven'’t done drunk or sober?
Hmm...
Christy, guess what.
We'’re getting married!
Of course you are.
Those were your flowers.
You know what'’s amazing?
Even though I'’ve been scared
and hopeless all week,
I-I haven'’t thought
about drinking.
That is amazing. I ran out
of soy milk this morning
and for a brief second
considered shooting heroin.
Christy, I-I know
I'’ve been a nightmare
through all this,
and I'’m sorry.
Yeah, thanks.
Third movie, Batman,
seven letters.
[knocking]
So, we got the results
from your biopsy...
Just say it.
I have cancer.
Look at you, making my job easy.
Oh, my God, what?
The mole was indeed malignant,
but we'’re confident
we got it all.
There'’s no need
for further treatments,
just regular checkups.
So what you'’re saying is,
not only did I have cancer,
I beat cancer?
You beat it '’cause I carved
it out of your body, but okay.
I'’ll see you again
in six months.
Please don'’t steal
any more cotton balls.
Oh, Mom. I was so worried
I was gonna lose you.
Really? How come you
were being so horrible to me?
'’Cause that'’s how I love!
I guess
we have a wedding to plan.
Uh...
Mm.
Yeah, Steve, uh, listen,
about our engagement...
You'’re pushing me out
of the plane?
I-I'’m gonna live.
Why would I want to be married?